Backup instant restore capability update and articles/virtual-desktop/create-profile-container-azure-ad.md (#91943)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/create-profile-container-azure-ad.md

To configure FSLogix:

1. [Update or install FSLogix](/fslogix/install-ht) on your session host, if needed. 

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: Ln 351, 352 - ">" will start from Col 4 followed by the "Note" tag and note statement.

If the **Session Host** is created from Azure Virtual Desktop Service, you can skip this step.

>     > If Session Host is created from Azure Virtual Desktop Service, you can skip this step..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > If the session host is created using the Azure Virtual Desktop service, FSLogix should already be pre-installed.
```

Author: fixed as suggested
